Fusion release tracks (#9051)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks.md

## Which release tracks are available?

### Fusion release tracks

> The <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> has four <Constant name="fusion" /> release tracks available to give you control over stability vs. velocity. 

Reviewer: somewhere around here we should link to the plans (https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) because we refer to "all plans" but don't define that.

_`Fusion Stable` is the default for all new <Constant name="fusion" />-powered projects._

> 

Reviewer: can you make the last column a little wider so the API value is easier to read?

> | Release track | Cadence | Description | Plan availability | API value |

Author: ```suggestion
| Release track | Cadence | Description | [Plan availability](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) | API value |
```

| ------------- | ------- | ----------- | ----------------- | --------- |

> | **Fusion Nightly** | Nightly | The latest nightly build. Includes early access to new features. | All plans | `latest-fusion` |

Reviewer: Do we want to sentence case release tracks?

Author: I believe this is how the text appears in product. Waiting for more info!

> | **Fusion Stable** (default) | Weekly | A weekly release that balances stability and feature access. <br /> | Starter, Enterprise, Enterprise+ | `stable-fusion` |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Fusion Stable** (default) | Weekly | A weekly release that balances stability and feature access. <br /> | All plans | `stable-fusion` |
```

### Common architectures

#### Fusion release tracks

> **Default** &mdash; All plans

Reviewer: should this be " Starter, Enterprise, Enterprise+" as we state above?

Author: Fixed above!
